AWS v18.1.0 (#1054)
giantswarm/releases: aws/v18.1.0/README.md

# :zap: Giant Swarm Release v18.1.0 for AWS :zap:

>  This release contains changes that address the several vulnerabilities. Additionally we ensure IAM permissions for Elastic File System (EFS) are set correctly on workload clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 This release contains changes that address several kubernetes vulnerabilities as well as improvements. Additionally we ensure IAM permissions for Elastic File System (EFS) are set correctly on workload clusters.
```
